in heavy traffic time a scooter
help, this is undeniable that the test
of today is with the model that furthermore
still helps you save some
changed at the gas station to dribble the
traffic with agility practicality
economy comfort is one of the
specialties of urban listeners who
That's why the PC is becoming popular.
x 150 combines these characteristics and
thanks to electronics still pretended to
dead to save fuel and
reduce pollution to urban stewardship
to facilitate difficult journeys
discuss as part of the white line
cvt continuous automatic transmission are
present so extremely riding
simplified and intuitive
it is enough to accommodate accelerating and braking
brakes are driven by the
handlebar that has combined action for
greater safety when driving only the brake
front to disc and rear to drum
also mentioned trigger only bring the
also running
but only admits however the star is
the engine that even develops a certain
coefficient of intelligence
The lord let him notice a stop.
longer than 3 seconds and turns off
automatically a common situation in
large cities for example and have already
prepare to work again like this
called start stop or adilson that also
could be called participate and already
used in the most
sophisticated but still unheard of
tapping
all run by a central
but can be disabled
It looks like a defect but it's technology like
when the engine has shut down
are immediately reattaching the electron
canit a more favorable position for
back working
when turning the throttle to start
smooth and instantaneous relic engine without
to function
added to another system that the long
Reduced marches speed polls
cruise
reduce consumption by up to 5 and 6 percent
easing pocket and also emissions
of pollutants
now visible in sizes
under the seat with a capacity of 25
liters each and a full - face helmet and all
Luck of objects both he and the cover
of the final cover can be opened with
some in the courses since the key
was in contact with us also shelters
and small glove compartment
the price of it a slight reduction in
capacity of the trunk plus one
highest tunnel that ends
making boarding and disembarkation difficult
series with intelligent system on
with intelligent system off the
engine with 150 cubic centimeters nothing
equipped with liquid refrigeration and
Injection accelerates with vigor and
clear climb without edu even with
croup
are 3.6 horses and a touch of 1.43
kilos in a body that have the
patterns inspired by the threshing floor road
vfr 1200 of destak
the digital panel talks to the system
intelligent on tank tank
5.9 liters a single package 100 versions
with a suggested price of seven thousand
nine hundred and ninety reais
urban displacements or short journeys
able to solve the life of an audience
increasing
attracted by practicality and comfort